---
title: v1.2.0 Changelog
description: Changelog
---
# v1.2.0 Changelog
The long awaited update is quite a big one - so get ready.
### **New Features**
- **Dynamic Navbar Editor** – Customise the Navbar to your liking!
- **Code Redeeming** – Unlock Easter Eggs from the Developers! (use code EXTRAFONTPACK for an extra font inside the Visual Theme Editor)
- **Welcome Popup** – Accept the TOS and Privacy Policy, and choose to enable Telemetry (soon?) or Helicon upon install or update.
- **Notice Count** – Displays the total number of notices, including dismissed ones.

### **Major Changes**
- **Visual Refresh** – Major settings page redesign with a new theme, gradients, and an improved sidebar.
- **Helicon** – In-app announcements and notifications system.

### **Changes**
- Added the ability to **clone custom themes**.
- You can now **remove a custom profile picture**.
- Added the ability to **backup all custom themes**.
- Added option to **delete all custom themes**.
- **Install/Update notifications**:
  - **Install** – Click to open settings.
  - **Update** – Click to open the changelog.
- **Navbar Editor**: Option to hide the BetterKMR lightbulb.
- **VTE**: Option to hide the school name and motto.
- **Danger Zone** renamed to **Advanced** – Now includes Offline Mode (Disable Telemetry (soon?) or Helicon).

### **Fixes**
- Toggling a setting no longer opens the dropdown.
- Minor VTE improvements – BKT files are now cross-compatible.

### **Development Notes**
- **Terms of Service and Privacy Policy** must be accepted before using BetterKMR.
- **Helicon** is our announcement system that lets us push important updates to users via the settings app.
- **Snap Load** added for developers and experimental users.

You can view more notes and the list of commits in the GitHub release. Big thanks to our [Discord community](https://discord.gg/HjJvakyAXe) for reporting bugs and giving us suggestions.
